[Music]
Hey
are you in the market for a fluffy
canine companion maybe you've already
done your research on how much money
you'll have to shovel over for your new
best friend
well let's see if you might be able to
get a better deal over in India of
course let me include a short disclaimer
here greet prices can vary depending on
the region meaning what you pay for say
a pug in one town could be completely
different in another so I went to the
number one source here's what the Kennel
Club of India has for the price tags of
some of the country's most popular dog
breeds one five thousand to twenty
thousand rupees
sounds like a jaw-dropping amount in
rupees right well that's only about
seventy to three hundred bucks which
would be a steal in the u.s. these
beautiful smart dogs are just as popular
in India as they are around the world
they're super easy to train and they're
calm and friendly demeanor makes them
excellent family pets suited for both an
urban and country environment however
they're not really the greatest guard
dogs since they're pretty friendly to
strangers to to dachshund five thousand
to twelve thousand rupees at around $150
these short legged long-bodied dog aus
are preferred in India thanks to their
playfulness but they can be stubborn at
times too and if left unattended for a
while Dodson's are prone to chewing on
furniture shoes and other items around
the house three beagle eight thousand to
sixteen thousand rupees if you're
looking for a different town to breed
then you can pay roughly one hundred
seventy dollars for a happy-go-lucky
beagle they get along with kids other
pets and strangers so aggressiveness
isn't usually something you have to
worry about with this breed they can be
hard to train though because of their
independent nature
for Boxer 6000 to 18,000 rupees you can
expect to pay about the same $170 price
tag for this high energy strong and
agile breed the name boxer supposedly
comes from its tendency to stand on its
hind legs and make boxing like movements
with its front paws but they're not
really trying to knock you out
these dogs are friendly and playful with
children and people they know but
they're fiercely protective of them and
can respond aggressively if they feel
like their loved ones are being
threatened but hey that makes great
watchdogs 5 Tibetan Mastiff 10,000 to
30,000 rupees you can expect to pay
almost twice as much for this huge breed
coming in at about $300 but don't be
intimidated by this dog size they're
usually very affectionate towards their
family members these dogs are best
suited for the country-bumpkin lifestyle
and don't generally appreciate cramped
apartment living for obvious reasons
this breed also isn't recommended for
first-time dog owners 6 English cocker
spaniel 6,000 to 15,000 rupees
cocker spaniels are compassionate
intelligent and athletic for around $150
families in India can get themselves an
alert and resilient pet that's great
with kids they don't like being alone
now and they form a stronger bond with
the person who feeds them yep that's dog
logic for you anyway
the breeds happy nature and perpetually
wagging tail have earned it the nickname
the merry Cocker 7 hug 6,000 to 15,000
rupees as the wrinkly faced mascot of
the recent Vodafone ad campaign these
dogs soon became really popular in India
and despite their small size they're
full of life and have a charming
personality pugs tend to be intuitive
and sensitive to their
owners mood and are usually eager to
please them just be ready to pay around
$150 in India for your new adorably ugly
little buddy eight Labrador Retriever
four thousand to twelve thousand rupees
and yet another dog that will be really
happy to meet your whole family both the
human and animal members labs are really
gentle and kind but they can also be
trained to assist the blind and those
who have autism making them not only a
really popular family dog but also a
great service breed as well in India you
can get a Labrador for approximately
$100 give or take nine Rottweiler seven
thousand to twenty thousand rupees these
dogs are used by the military and police
in a lot of countries and that's not
without reason this breed is renowned
for its strength and intelligence making
them excellent guard dogs
Rottweilers love their owners and can
actually behave in a kind of silly way
with their family and friends but
they're also protective of their
territory and you're not welcome
strangers until properly introduced
so for about 200 bucks people in India
can have a loyal friend that will
protect them no matter what 10 Doberman
five thousand to twenty thousand rupees
at the $150 range these slender dogs
with a docked tail are easily
recognizable and pretty popular in India
Dobermans are extremely intelligent
fearless and agile however they do need
to be trained properly but that's easily
done
thanks to that smart brain of theirs
eleven Great Dane 7500 to 25,000 rupees
you'd be getting a deal as big as the
dog itself if you bought this breed in
India for just around $250 you can
expect a shovel over at least a grand or
close to it in the US the great in the
name is probably due to its great size
the tallest dog who have ever lived
was a great day named Zeus who measured
44 inches from paw to shoulder
despite this breeds a large and imposing
appearance these gentle giants are big
old teddy bears they can't get enough of
fection and cuddles their calm nature
when coupled with proper training and
care makes them perfectly fine around
kids especially when they grow up
together
only I'm sure it doesn't take long for
the pup to outgrow the kids 12
Pomeranian 3,000 to 8,000 rupees here's
a breed that won't break the bank at
least not in India where you'll pay just
around $80 active and playful
Pomeranians are excellent pets if you
have kids they're alert and aware of any
changes in their environment that is
they'll bark at anything probably not
the best breed if you're an apartment
dweller unless you can train the yep out
of your fluffy little roomie these cute
little dogs love being the center of
attention and are a master of getting
what they want from their owners early
palm breeds were white or occasionally
brown or black but they now come in a
whole alphabet soup of colors including
red white orange blue tan and
combinations of these colors to name a
few
13 Dalmatian 6,000 to 15,000 rupees this
easily recognizable breed saw a huge
rise in popularity thanks to the 1956
novel the hundred and one Dalmatians and
the walt disney movies released later
that were based on the book Dalmatians
are friendly and loyal to those they
know but can be suspicious around
strangers or unfamiliar dogs their
agility intelligence and watchfulness
make them excellent watchdogs and in
India you can get a big spotted canine
friend for just about 150 bucks
14 German Shepherd 5,000 to 20,000
rupees
as a breed German Shepherds are prized
for their strength intelligence train
ability and obedience
although German Shepherds are renowned
for their protectiveness over their
family if not trained properly they can
be hostile toward strangers whereas in
the u.s. you can expect to pay an
average of $800 in India you can get
this breed for only around 180 bucks 15
Indian Spitz 4,000 to 8,000 rupees now
one of the most popular dog breeds and
the one that obviously bears the name of
its country of origin the Indian Spitz
rose to popularity in the 1980s and 90s
when import rules in India made it
difficult to bring dogs of other breeds
into the country this dog's popularity
also rose thanks to the 1994 blockbuster
movie Hum Aapke Hain Kaun which featured
an Indian Spitz named Tuffy and I'm sure
that mere $85 price tag is pretty
attractive too these dogs are extremely
bright and active but adapt well even in
small apartments so which of these dog
breeds would you like to own let me know
down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life